Open I-T and Support.
p02
Down the sidebar, past the support tools, sits a small group called Audit.
p03
Three pages.
p04
Between them they answer almost every who-did-this question a client will ever send you.
p05
Open the Audit Log.
p06
This is the master feed.
p07
Every meaningful event on the platform lands here in one running list, newest first,
p08
with a dashboard on top to read the shape of it before you dig.
p09
Start with the four tiles.
p10
Events today, events this week, how many different people were active,
p11
and how many events tripped a critical flag.
p12
One glance tells you whether today looks normal or busy.
p13
To the left, the yearly trend.
p14
Twelve months of logged activity in a single line, ticking up.
p15
It's context, not an alarm: is the platform getting busier, or holding steady.
p16
Next, the split by action.
p17
Most of what gets logged is edits and new records.
p18
Logins are a chunk.
p19
Deletions are the thin slice at the bottom,
p20
and on a support ticket, that thin slice is usually the one you came for.
p21
Beside it, severity.
p22
Nearly everything is normal.
p23
A little is a warning.
p24
A sliver is critical, and that sliver is the same three events the top tile just flagged.
p25
Two views of one number.
p26
Now the list itself.
p27
Read a row left to right and it tells a whole story:
p28
when, who, what they did, in which module, to which record, at which location,
p29
and the I-P address it came from.
p30
There are Export and New Record buttons up here.
p31
Leave them. You're reading, not changing.
p32
Find the deleted event.
p33
Here it is: a payment record, removed, tied to a name, a location, and an I-P.
p34
That's the power of this page.
p35
When something goes missing, you don't guess who touched it.
p36
You read the row.
p37
Move to User Activity.
p38
Where the Audit Log tracks events, this page tracks people at the door.
p39
Who's signing in, how often, and who keeps bouncing off the login screen.
p40
Its tiles lead with the sign-in picture.
p41
Active users, logins today, average session length,
p42
and the one you'll reach for most: failed logins.
p43
When a cashier says they're locked out, that number is where you start.
p44
The table fills in the rest.
p45
Each person, their role, when they last got in, how many times this month, from where,
p46
and whether the account is active.
p47
It answers a quiet but common question:
p48
is this user actually signing in, and as what.
p49
Last page. Change History.
p50
The Audit Log tells you a record was updated.
p51
This one tells you exactly which field moved, and what it was before.
p52
The tiles count the churn.
p53
How many changes today, how many this week,
p54
and how the load splits between configuration and everyday data.
p55
It's a pulse on how much is being edited under the hood.
p56
But the columns are the payoff.
p57
Alongside the usual when and who, this page names the exact field that changed
p58
and lays the old value and the new value side by side.
p59
No other audit page does that.
p60
Picture a membership price.
p61
The plan's example is a monthly rate moving from
p62
twenty-nine ninety-nine to thirty-four ninety-nine.
p63
One row, before on one side, after on the other.
p64
When a client swears their price jumped, this is the receipt.
p65
So, three pages, three questions.
p66
What happened, and from what machine? That's the Audit Log.
p67
Who's getting in, and who isn't? User Activity.
p68
Who changed which field, and to what? Change History.
p69
Match the ticket to the page, and the answer is already waiting.